We'll come back.
Let's get into some fun interview questions.
We're going to start off with a very very common one and it shouldn't be too complicated to start us
off.
The interviewer asks you can you create a function that reverses a string.
So if you passed into this function right here.
Hi my name is Andre.
It should return this jibberish that is.
Oh and I forgot and here is jibberish.
That is all backwards.
It's just simply reversing a string.
Now I want to go ahead and try this in your own REPL thought id or whichever text editor you use and
see if he can think through the problem.
Use what you know about arrays to solve this.
Now keep in mind when it comes to questions like this there are many ways to do things.
As programmers we know this rate there are so many ways to solve a problem and depending on our style
our knowledge and time we're going to come up with different solutions.
So if your answer is different than mine well that's not the worst thing.
You want to be able to do is to think through a problem and understand why you made those decisions.
So go ahead reverse a string and I'll see you in the solution video.